The Golden Dragon Award is up to you
Stupid people dream beyond their means
200 million sign it
Leave my life today
Our marriage can be measured by money
If you want more, you can just say it
I will try my best to satisfy you.
Well, you still don't get it.
Financial power
Is that so important in your eyes?
It's you who don't understand
You never know.
How big is the gap between us?
The identities between us are one heaven and one earth
What about my care for you in the past four years?
take care of
You mean you were outside delivering takeout?
Go home to cook and wash clothes called care
You really know how to eat soft and hard
Obviously, my Lin family has been sheltering
Protect you, a lost dog
Lin Mengdi, you yo yo yo
He's in a hurry to jump over the wall
It's really a lost dog
Ha ha.
Xue Zhilong, no matter what you say, it doesn't make sense
What I want
It was never your calling
You can't afford it.
How do you know I can't afford it?
Have you ever considered
I gave you everything you got in the past four years
You also said such shameless words
You are unreasonable
Xue Zhilong
Stop putting gold on your face, okay?
You
It's the one who is holding on to our lady
Wimp
Status determines vision
And you have nothing
Monty, the last time we dated
The necklace you tried on
30 million bought it
A mere 30 million
Let your Lin Mengdi's soul be bought